Dashboards tutorial: Controls and feeds in a GQI query (#2532)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/Dashboards_app/Tutorials/Controls_Feeds_Query.md

# Leveraging controls and feeds to create a dynamic GQI query

In this tutorial, you will discover how to harness controls and feeds that are used in a GQI query. An update to the user input will lead to an updated GQI result. This is especially useful for visualizations that do not support any filtering.

Expected duration: 10 minutes

> [!NOTE]

> > The content and screenshots for this tutorial have been created in DataMiner 10.4.1.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
> The content and screenshots for this tutorial have been created with the DataMiner 10.4.1 web apps.
```

> > The content and screenshots for this tutorial have been created in DataMiner 10.4.1.

Author: Looks good to me!
